- ARRIVEDERCI!
JERSEY, HERE WE COME!
[cheering]
- HERE'S TO A GOOD SUMMER.
[overlapping cheers]
- IT'S GONNA BE
A BLAST THIS YEAR.
SO EVEN THOUGH I AM SOBER,
THERE'S GONNA BE
LOTS OF CRAZINESS.
I'M PRETTY CURIOUS
TO SEE HOW I'M GONNA ACT.
[chuckles]
- MAKE SURE I BRING
A LAUNDRY BAG SO I CAN GTL.
I'M SO EXCITED
TO GO BACK TO THE SHORE.
THE QUESTION IS,
HOW ARE ME AND SAM FITTING
ALL OF OUR STUFF
IN THE SAME CAR,
IS WHAT I WANNA KNOW.
YES.
- I'M GOING TO THE SHORE
WITH RON.
WE'RE GOING
INTO THE HOUSE TOGETHER.
SO WHO KNOWS WHAT'S GONNA
HAPPEN WHEN WE COME OUT?
[knocks on table]
ME AND RON,
SOMEHOW WE KEEP COMING BACK
TO ONE ANOTHER.
RIGHT NOW, WE'RE TOGETHER
AND I'M HAPPY.
I'M 25 YEARS OLD.
I'M AT A TIME IN MY LIFE
WHERE I'M KINDA, LIKE, MATURED.
AND I-I'M WHERE I WANNA BE.
AND I'M HAPPY WITH RON.
SO HOPEFULLY ME AND RON
CAN GET THROUGH THIS HOUSE
THIS SUMMER, YOU KNOW,
TOGETHER.
RON!
- IT SLIPPED.
I THINK WE'LL BE GOOD NOW.
WE COMMUNICATE VERY WELL.
IF THERE'S SOMETHING
THAT'S BOTHERING ME,
I'M JUST GONNA TELL HER
HOW I FEEL
WITHOUT ACTUALLY
HURTING HER FEELINGS,
WHICH I WAS PRETTY BAD AT
IN THE PAST.
I MEAN, I'M NOT REALLY
LOOKING FORWARD
TO LIVING WITH THE PREGNANT
CHICK, TO BE HONEST WITH YOU.
- I THINK IT'LL BE COOL.
- IS IT POSSIBLE
THAT JENNI CAN COMPLAIN
MORE THAN SNOOKI
WHEN SNOOKI'S PREGNANT?
- OH, MY GOD.
- I'M NOT EVEN DRUNK YET.
IT'S JUST GONNA GET WORSE
WHEN I GET DRUNK.
- OH, GREAT.
[phone ringing]
- YO.
- WHAT UP, MY DUDE?
- YOU READY TO DO THIS, BRO?
- YEAH, HELL, YEAH.
OH, I'M READY.
ME AND VINNY
ARE DEFINITELY GONNA DO
OUR THING THIS YEAR.
YO, WHO DO YOU THINK'S
GONNA BE THE FIRST PERSON
AT THE HOUSE, THOUGH?
- FIRST PERSON AT THE HOUSE?
- PROBABLY MIKE.
I TALKED TO HIM YESTERDAY.
HE SOUNDED CLEAN.
I DON'T KNOW.
- I'LL GIVE HIM ANOTHER CHANCE.
- YEAH, I'LL GIVE HIM
ANOTHER CHANCE.
NOW THAT MIKE'S
BACK TO NORMAL,
MAYBE WE'LL GET MVP
BACK TOGETHER
TO THE WAY THAT IT USED TO BE.
DO YOU FEEL ME?
YOU BETTER NOT
LEAVE ME THIS TIME.
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
GO BACK, SO--
- DON'T LET ME GO, BRO!
- [laughs]
I'M NOT LETTING YOU GO.
- YOU SHOULD USE A ROBE.
- IS IT CLEAN?
- OF COURSE IT'S CLEAN.
IT'S GOOD TO HAVE,
YOU NEVER KNOW.
- [sighs]
MA, MY HAIR!
- OH, I'M SORRY.
- COME ON.
OH, MY GOD.
[laughs]
I GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE.
LAST SUMMER,
I WAS JUST REALLY EXHAUSTED.
I HIT A LOW POINT,
SO I LEFT.
- WHY DO YOU WANT
TO LEAVE RIGHT NOW?
- I'M NOT HAPPY.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
LIKE, I'M DOING WHAT'S--
WHAT'S BEST FOR MYSELF.
YOU KNOW, I ENDED UP
GETTING MY SHIT TOGETHER,
COMING BACK, AND FINISHING UP
THE SUMMER WITH MY FRIENDS.
- ARE YOU GLAD
YOU CAME BACK?
- I'M VERY GLAD I CAME BACK.
- WE'RE ALL GLAD
YOU CAME BACK.
- I HAD TO GET MY BITCH BACK.
[laughter]
- SINCE THEN,
I'VE JUST BEEN REALLY
TRYING TO GET MY MIND
IN CHECK,
TRYING TO GET
EVERYTHING IN CHECK.
- NICOLE, SHE'S REALLY
GONNA GO?
- WHAT, UH--WHAT'S--
- WHO'S GONNA TAKE CARE
OF HER OVER THERE, YOU?
- WELL, I WAS THINKING,
IF NICOLE AND JIONNI
DON'T WORK OUT, MAYBE I'LL,
UH, STEP IN FOR HER.
- WHY NOT?
YOU LOVE HERE.
- AND THEN I'LL HAVE A BABY.
I'LL TAKE HIS BABY.
- TAKE HIS BABY?
- YEAH.
HE'S NOT GONNA BE
A GOOD DAD.
- DON'T SAY THAT.
- YOU REALLY LOOK GOOD, "D".
I HOPE WHEN YOU GET
DOWN THE SHORE AND YOU START
BOOZIN' THAT YOU'RE
NOT GONNA PUT ON THAT WEIGHT.
- I JUST WANNA WALK
INTO THAT SHORE HOUSE
AND BE, LIKE, NEW DEENA,
NEW ATTITUDE, NEW LOOK.
I HOPE I COME IN
AND THEY'RE LIKE,
"WHOA, WHAT DID SOMEBODY
DO WITH DEENA?"
I KINDA WANT IT TO BE LIKE
THE FIRST DAY I WALKED IN...
CHEERS TO YOU INVITING ME!
- EVERYTHING LOOKS SITUATED.
- YOU CAN'T, LIKE--AAH.
NO, YOU CAN'T DO IT
WITHOUT MY BIKINI.
BUT WITHOUT, LIKE,
ME DROPPING MY PANTS
IN FRONT OF MIKE AND STUFF.
WITHOUT ALL THAT,
BUT LIKE THAT,
'CAUSE THAT WAS
A FUN NIGHT FOR ME.
- WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
WITHOUT YOUR OTHER MEATBALL?
YOU'RE GONNA BE
SOLO MEATBALL.
- I'M JUST NERVOUS, LIKE,
ABOUT THAT.
NICOLE'S PREGNANT.
MIKE'S CLEAN.
RON AND SAM
ARE BACK TOGETHER.
WHO AM I GONNA PLAY WITH?
[doorbell rings]
OH.
- THAT MUST BE CHRIS.
- CHRIS?
HI, BABE.
[indistinct]
- ALMOST DONE?
- MM-HMM.
I'M COMING INTO THE HOUSE
WITH A BOYFRIEND.
HIS NAME IS CHRIS.
I'VE REALLY NEVER HAD, LIKE,
A REAL, REAL BOYFRIEND BEFORE.
SO THIS IS DEFINITELY GOING
TO BE DIFFERENT.
- GONNA MISS ME?
- YEAH.
ARE YOU GONNA MISS ME?
- OF COURSE.
- HE'S JUST AWESOME.
HE MAKES ME LAUGH.
HE'S GOOFY.
THIS IS THE HAPPIEST
I'VE EVER BEEN
IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.
AND I JUST WANNA GET
ON A MOUNTAIN AND SING IT.
LIKE, "I'M FINALLY HAPPY!"
LIKE, "I'M HAPPY!"
- DRIVE SAFE.
- I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I GET DOWN THERE.
BYE.
I LOVE YOU.
- LOVE YOU TOO.
- BYE-BYE.
- LET'S HIT THE ROAD,
BITCH.
- HOLY HOT AS HELL.
- YOU STILL DRIVING
THIS PINK THING?
- I FEEL LIKE EVERYTHING'S
DIFFERENT,
ESPECIALLY NICOLE'S PREGNANT,
MIKE'S CLEAN.
I'M REALLY CURIOUS
TO SEE
WHAT THE OTHER ROOMMATES
ARE ALL ABOUT.
SO I REALLY DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO EXPECT RIGHT NOW.
- SEE, TRUCKS COME IN HANDY.
- YEP.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL BE SEEING YOU SOON.
- I LOVE YOU.
WE ARE MATURING AND GROWING UP
A LITTLE BIT.
BETTER START NOW THAN NEVER.
[horn honking]
- THIS IS IT.
- YO.
I SWEAR TO GOD,
IF ANYONE IS IN OUR BEDS,
I'M KICKING 'EM OUT.
- SEASIDE, HERE WE GO.
- I REALLY AM PRAYING
THAT SOMEBODY'S AT THIS HOUSE
TO HELP ME GET THIS SHIT
OUT OF MY CAR.
- ♪ EVERYTHING YOU SAY,
EVERYTHING YOU DO ♪
♪ COMES BACK TO YOU ♪
- COMING UP TO THE BRIDGE,
IT LOOKS LIKE.
I PROBABLY HAVEN'T COME
OVER THIS BRIDGE SOBER
SINCE, LIKE,
THE FIRST SUMMER.
THE SITUATION'S BACK, BABY.
[chuckles]
- ♪ EVERYTHING YOU SAY,
EVERYTHING YOU DO ♪
♪ COMES BACK TO YOU ♪
- WHAT IS THAT SMELL?
- MIKE IS PREPARING DINNER.
IT'S JUST VERY WEIRD TO SEE
MIKE BEING SO NICE RIGHT NOW.
BUT MAYBE HE PUT SOME LAXATIVE
IN OUR FOOD OR SOMETHING.
[Doomtree's  Fresh New Trash]
- ♪ WHEN IT ALL COMES
TUMBLIN' DOWN ♪
♪ THE MAN BUILT WITH RUBBLE ♪
♪ WHILE YOU FUMBLED
YOUR CROWN, HEY ♪
- SITUATION'S BACK, BABY.
[chuckles]
AND TO THINK I ALMOST
DIDN'T MAKE IT THIS SUMMER.
I ALMOST DIDN'T MAKE IT
IN MANY WAYS.
BACK TO REAL LIFE.
LOOKS LIKE I'M THE FIRST ONE
IN THIS PIECE.
THIS DINNER THAT I'M COOKING
FOR THE ROOMMATES RIGHT NOW
IS PRETTY MUCH THE ITALIAN WAY
OF SAYING, "I'M SORRY."
YOU KNOW, WHATEVER HAPPENED
IN THE PAST CAN BE ERASED,
BECAUSE I JUST COOKED YOU
SOME DIN-DIN.
[chuckles]
- LET'S SEE IF ANYBODY
IS HERE.
HELLO?
- YO, WHAT UP?
- HEY, ROOMIE!
- YOU LOOK AWESOME.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- OH, WHAT ARE YOU MAKING?
- AH, I FIGURED
I'D SURPRISE EVERYBODY
AND TRY TO, YOU KNOW,
START OFF ON A GOOD NOTE.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
- AW.
LET'S GET THIS SHIT,
AND THEN WE'LL CATCH UP
AND EVERYTHING.
- UH, LET ME HELP YOU, THOUGH.
- ARE YOU SURE?
- YEAH.
- I'M NOT GONNA LIE,
I WAS GONNA ASK.
- [laughs]
LET ME JUST MAKE SURE
I DON'T BURN THE CRIB DOWN.
- YO, MIKE BURNT
THE HOUSE DOWN.
- YO, YOU LOOK GOOD, THOUGH.
YOU LOOK GOOD.
WOW, DEENA IS LOOKING
PRETTY GOOD.
YOU'RE A LITTLE TINIER
SINCE THE LAST TIME I SEEN YA.
- YEAH, I KEEP TRYING,
YOU KNOW?
- BEEN DOING YOUR THING?
- YEAH.
MIKE WAS, LIKE, GIVING ME
ALL THESE COMPLIMENTS.
I'M LIKE, "THANK YOU,
THANK YOU."
- JUST GET IT?
- YEAH.
WHOA. [laughs]
- OKAY.
- 'CAUSE USUALLY HE SAYS
THAT I LOOK FAT.
I BROUGHT A SCOOTER, AND
I BROUGHT A BEER PONG TABLE.
- REALLY?
- BUT WE COULD DO, LIKE,
CRANBERRY JUICE
WITH THE BEER PONG TABLE.
- YEAH, IT'S ALL GOOD.
[both chuckling]
YEAH, I GOT A LOT
OF CRAZY THINGS
I GOTTA DEAL WITH
THIS TIME AROUND.
I QUIT SMOKING
CIGARETTES TOO.
- WELL, YOU LOOK HEALTHY,
MIKE.
MIKE LOOKS GREAT.
HE SEEMS
LIKE HE'S DOING WELL.
HOPEFULLY HE STAYS
LIKE THIS,
'CAUSE I LIKE MIKE
LIKE MIKE.
YOU WANNA GO ON THE TOP DECK?
- YEAH, LET'S CHECK IT OUT.
- WHOO-HOO!
- I'M DEFINITELY
GONNA BE USING
THAT JACUZZI MADNESS
THIS YEAR.
- I BETTER GO IN NOW,
BEFORE I GAIN WEIGHT
BY THE END OF THE SUMMER.
[laughs]
I'M JUST KIDDING.
IT'S OKAY IF I SMOKE
IN FRONT--
CAN I SMOKE A CIGARETTE?
- OF COURSE YOU CAN.
YEAH, YOU CAN DRINK AROUND ME,
SMOKE AROUND ME.
- HELLO?
WHAT THE HELL?
HELLO?
- PAULY!
- IS ANYBODY HERE?
[laughs]
- HEY!
- HOW ARE YOU?
- HI.
- GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- MY DUDE!
- I MISS YOU, MAN.
- HOW YOU DOING, MAN?
- I DON'T THINK I'VE SEEN YOU
FOR, LIKE, THREE SUMMERS.
- HOW YOU FEELING? GOOD?
- GOOD, MAN.
I FEEL GREAT.
- LOOK GOOD, MAN.
THE FIRST TIME I MET MIKE,
HE WAS MY BOY.
WE CLICKED.
AND I FEEL LIKE, SEEING MIKE
HEALTHY AND HAPPY,
HE'S THAT PERSON AGAIN.
DAMN, SO YOU GUYS DIDN'T
EVEN PICK ROOMS YET OR NOTHIN'?
- NAH, WE JUST KINDA
SET UP DINNER.
- I FIGURE WE'LL FIGURE IT
ALL OUT WHEN PEOPLE GET HERE.
- DAMN, CAN YOU BELIEVE
SNOOKS IS PREGGERS?
[laughs]
- ISN'T SHE ENGAGED TOO?
- YUP.
I'M EXPECTING TO SEE
A BIG BUMP.
- WHEN'S SHE DUE?
LIKE, SEPTEMBER?
- YEAH. I REMEMBER HER
WHEN SHE WAS LIKE,
"THE PARTY'S HERE."
- YEAH.
- NOW THE BABY'S HERE.
[laughter]
- YO, AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOCK
WHEN I COME INTO THIS HOUSE?
- RONOLO!
- WHY'S IT SMELL LIKE SHIT?
- IT SMELLS LIKE WE LEFT IT.
- WE WALK INTO THE HOUSE,
AND MIKE'S COOKING.
OH, MY GOD.
- HI.
- GOD ONLY KNOWS
WHAT HE'S UP TO RIGHT NOW.
- LIKE, WHEN I WALKED IN,
IT WAS ALL COOKED
AND EVERYTHING.
- OH, WOW.
- YEAH, HE LOOKS
LIKE HE'S DOING GOOD.
- MIKE WILL ALWAYS BE MIKE.
HE'LL ALWAYS BE
THAT TROUBLEMAKER TO ME.
HE MESSED WITH MY RELATIONSHIP,
WHICH I DON'T LIKE.
WE'RE GONNA KEEP
OUR DISTANCE.
- OH!
- LOOK AT THAT PALE SKIN.
- YO, YOU GOT THE ROLD GOLD
PEEPS, HUH?
- WHAT'S UP?
- WHAT UP, SON?
BROMANCE IS BACK ON
IN FULL EFFECT.
I MEAN, ME AND VINNY
BEEN APART FOR TOO LONG NOW.
- [panting]
- WHY ARE ALL THE FUCKING
BAGS RIGHT HERE?
- WE DIDN'T PICK A ROOM YET.
- THE CRAZIEST THING
IN THE WORLD
IS NO ONE CLAIMED A ROOM.
MIKE DIDN'T CLAIM A ROOM.
DEENA DIDN'T CLAIM A ROOM.
I'M LIKE, "WHERE WE STAYING?
WHERE AM I SLEEPING?"
- YOU KNOW, WE HAD
A LOT OF FUN IN MIAMI,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING,
WHEN IT WAS MVP.
I WAS TRYING TO SEE IF MVP
COULD, UH,
GET A ROOM THIS YEAR,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
- I'LL DO THAT.
- I'M DOWN WITH THAT.
- [laughs]
- REALLY, VIN?
- YEAH.
ME, MIKE, AND PAULY ARE THE ONLY
SINGLE PEOPLE IN THE HOUSE,
SO MIGHT AS WELL
JUST STICK TOGETHER.
ARE YOU GUYS DATING
EACH OTHER?
both: YES.
- WHOA.
- SO YOU GUYS WANT
THE ROOM DOWNSTAIRS?
- DON'T GET THEM STARTED, BRO.
- YOU WERE DECIDING FACTOR.
- YEAH.
- WE'RE WAITING ON YOU,
BECAUSE--
- LET'S GO UPSTAIRS.
- ALL RIGHT.
- TOOK ME SIX
FUCKING SUMMERS,
BUT I FINALLY GOT
MY OWN ROOM WITH SAM.
- WHAT BED DO YOU WANT?
YOU PICK.
- DO YOU WANT TO SLEEP WITH
MY FEET IN YOUR FACE, OR NO?
- I'M SLEEPING WITH YOU.
I'VE STAYED UPSTAIRS EVERY
SINGLE TIME I'VE BEEN HERE.
AND NOW I HAVE MY OWN ROOM
WITH MY BOYFRIEND.
LIKE, THIS IS SO EXCITING.
- NOW WE CAN FIGHT
IN PEACE, SAM.
IT'S AWESOME.
[laughs]
- YO, FOR REAL, Y'ALL,
I'M REALLY HAPPY
THAT ALL THREE OF US
ARE GONNA--
- YEAH, ME TOO, BRO.
- I DON'T KNOW IF YOU KNOW,
BUT I'M A DIFFERENT DUDE.
- YEAH, YOU SEEM DIFFERENT.
- AND, UH, I GOT YOUR BACK
THIS SUMMER, ALL Y'ALL.
- BRO, I ACCEPT YOU
FOR YOUR GOOD AND YOUR BAD.
JUST DON'T SNORE TOO LOUD,
ALL RIGHT?
- NO, I DON'T.
I DON'T EVEN SNORE, SMOKE,
OR, UH, ANY OF THAT--
OR TAKE HARD DRUGS, NO.
[laughter]
- THIS IS IT.
- OH, MY GOD.
I CAN'T GET OUT.
- WELL, LORENZO,
THIS IS THE SHORE HOUSE.
- HONEY, I'M HOME.
- HELLO.
- PREGNANT BITCH IS HERE.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT IS THAT SMELL?
[overlapping greetings]
- HOW ARE YOU?
- WHAT THE FUCK
IS THAT SMELL?
I MISSED YOU.
- OH, I MISSED YOU.
- WAIT, LET ME SEE.
- AW.
MEATBALL'S GOT
A LITTLE MEATBALL.
- I KNOW.
- BUT YOU STILL LOOK GREAT.
- YOU STILL LOOK FABULOUS.
- IS SOMEONE COOKING?
I SMELL SOMETHING FUNKY.
- THERE'S STEAMED BROCCOLI,
STEAMED--
- THAT'S WHAT I SMELL.
- YEAH.
- SMELLS LIKE BUTTHOLE.
MIKE IS PREPARING DINNER.
SO MAYBE HE PUT SOME LAXATIVE
IN OUR FOOD OR SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S JUST VERY WEIRD
TO SEE MIKE
BEING SO NICE
RIGHT NOW.
- NICOLE, I'M, LIKE,
SO EXCITED.
- YOU WERE AFRAID YOU WERE
GONNA BLOW UP LIKE A BALLOON,
BUT YOU DIDN'T.
- I KNOW.
- YOU CAN HAVE
A LITTLE BELLY.
- YOU CAN DEFINITELY
FEEL IT, THOUGH.
- HOW MANY MORE MONTHS?
- THREE MORE MONTHS
TILL I GIVE BIRTH.
- UGH, IT FREAKS ME OUT.
- ASSHOLE!
- NO, LIKE,
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THERE'S A LITTLE GUY
IN THERE.
- IT DOESN'T HURT
OR ANYTHING.
- DOES IT FEEL, LIKE, WEIRD?
- YOU CAN GO LIKE THAT?
- I'M REALLY EXCITED
TO SEE MY ROOMMATES.
I HAVEN'T SEEN THEM,
YOU KNOW,
SINCE I TOLD THEM
I WAS PREGNANT AND ENGAGED.
BUT I'M DEFINITELY
NOT EXCITED TO SEE MIKE,
YOU KNOW, 'CAUSE I DON'T WANT
TO BE HIS FRIEND.
I'M HAPPY THAT HE'S,
YOU KNOW,
TAKING CARE OF HIMSELF
AND STUFF LIKE THAT.
BUT OTHER THAN THAT,
I JUST DON'T WANT
TO BE AROUND HIM.
I WANT TO KNOW
WHAT THAT SMELL IS.
- I HAVE NO IDEA.
WHAT'S UP?
HOW ARE YOU?
[blows raspberry]
- GO AWAY.
- YOU ALL RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- ALL RIGHT, GOOD.
- WAIT, WHAT HAPPENED?
- NOTHING.
- IT'S GONNA BE
A LONG SUMMER.
- [crying]
[laid-back music]
♪ ♪
- OH, COOL,
MY STEERING WHEEL.
- "OUR FIRST VALENTINE'S DAY."
HE LOVES YOU.
- VINNY, STOP LOOKING
AT MY UNDERWEAR.
IT'S EMBARRASSING.
- IT'S SO WEIRD.
GUYS AREN'T BITCHING TO HELP.
- IT WAS WEIRD.
THERE'S DINNER AT THE TABLE
WHEN I SHOWED UP.
- YEAH, IS THIS A PRANK?
- DO YOU HAVE MOOD SWINGS?
- YEAH.
- I COULDA ANSWERED
THAT ONE FOR YA.
- WATCH OUT, "D".
- RIGHT NOW,
I'M COOKING A FEAST.
AND I REALLY WANTED
TO SHOW THE ROOMMATES THAT,
YOU KNOW, I TRIED.
IT'S LIKE, HOW CAN YOU
HATE ON THAT?
THAT'S HARD-ASS WORK.
- WHOA.
- DEFINITELY NOT CLEANING
THIS MOTHERFUCKER UP.
[sighs]
FOR SURE.
IT WOULD BE NICE IF SOMEBODY
CAME OUT AND SAID,
"YO, MIKE, CAN I FLIP
A SAUSAGE FOR YOU, DOG?"
- [chuckles]
- UH, BUT NO.
YOU KNOW, I KNEW
IT WASN'T GONNA BE EASY, THOUGH.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE'RE BACK HERE.
IT DOESN'T FEEL LIKE REAL LIFE.
- IT DOESN'T FEEL REAL.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S GONNA BE
SO DIFFERENT FOR ME.
THIS TIME,
IT'S TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
YOU KNOW, I CAN'T HAVE
RON-RON JUICE.
I CAN'T GO OUT ON THE PORCH
AND HAVE A CIGARETTE.
SO WHAT CAN I DO?
- IT'S GONNA BE DIFFERENT
FOR ME ALSO.
YOU WERE MY OTHER HALF
IN THIS HOUSE.
- LIKE, WHO'S GONNA GO
TO JENKS WITH YOU
AT 10:00 IN THE MORNING
TO DRINK?
NO ONE.
- IF I DRINK BY MYSELF, CAN YOU
AT LEAST JUST PLAY WITH ME?
- MM-HMM.
- LIKE, THROW A BALL.
ALL RIGHT.
IF YOU GUYS WANNA EAT,
UH, DINNER'S READY NOW.
- ALL RIGHT, COOL.
REALITY HAS HIT.
I DO NOT HAVE
MY PARTNER IN CRIME ANYMORE.
BUT, SHE'S STILL THERE.
SHE JUST CAN'T BE CRIMEFUL.
- TIME TO EAT!
- HOLY BOOBS!
HOLY SHIT!
- LET ME SEE.
- NO!
- IS THERE MILK IN THEM?
CAN I TRY 'EM OUT?
- I THINK SO.
- OH, MY GOD!
- JIONNI SAID
HE TASTED MILK.
[laughter]
- WHAT ARE WE ROCKIN'
WITH TODAY, BRO?
- UH, CHICKEN WITH TOMATOES,
PLAIN CHICKEN.
THIS IS, UH, STEAK.
- DID YOU BRING
THE FOOD WITH YOU?
- UH-HUH. I WENT SHOPPING
AND EVERYTHING.
I EVEN GOT PICKLES
AND SHIT TOO.
- NO. REALLY?
- FOR REAL, I SHOPPED BEFORE--
I WAS THE FIRST ONE HERE.
I WENT SHOPPING.
- YOU WERE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST WANNA SAY THAT, UM,
THIS YEAR'S DEFINITELY
HAD SOME UPS AND DOWNS, AND--
- WE JUST GOT HERE.
[laughter]
- YO, I'M TALKING
ABOUT LAST YEAR, YO.
- SAVE THE SPEECH
FOR LATER, BRO.
- I WAS TALKING
ABOUT LAST YEAR, YO.
- NO, LET MIKE TALK.
- YO, RONNIE, YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE ON MY SIDE.
- I GOT YOU, BRO.
- LET MIKE TALK.
HE DID THIS WHOLE THING.
- ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
ALL RIGHT, HOW ABOUT THIS?
I LOVE YOU ALL.
LET'S EAT, OKAY?
[laughter]
- ALL RIGHT.
- I LIKE THAT.
- MIKE PUT TOGETHER
A FEAST FOR EVERYBODY.
THIS IS A CLASSIC
SITUATION DINNER
THAT I REMEMBER HAVING
THE FIRST SUMMER.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE EVERYBODY AND,
UM, GOOD TO SEE MIKE CHANGED.
- I QUIT--I QUIT
THE HARD SHIT.
I RUN FOUR MILES A DAY.
LIKE, I--YOU KNOW,
I'M, LIKE,
THE MOST HEALTHIEST
I'VE EVER BEEN.
- CAN I ASK
WHAT MADE YOU STOP?
- UM, NO,
I WAS JUST EXHAUSTED.
I WAS SO TIRED
AND JUST NEEDED--
JUST WANTED TO GO TO SLEEP,
YOU KNOW?
I WAS LIKE, "WOW,
IF I CAN'T DO THIS NOW--"
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
WHAT'S--
- IT'S LIKE YOU DON'T EVEN
WANNA GET UP
AND PISS AFTER A WHILE.
- YEAH, PUT MY HANDS UP.
I WAS LIKE, "MAN,
I CAN'T DO THIS NO MORE."
SO THEN THAT WAS IT.
I HAD TO FIX THE PROBLEM.
I WENT AWAY FOR 34 DAYS.
- CHEERS TO THAT.
CHEERS, BRO.
- GLAD TO HAVE YOU BACK.
- GOOD JOB, BRO.
- WANT A DRINK?
[laughter]
- SHOTS! SHOTS!
- THIS IS THE PERFECT WAY
TO START OFF THE SUMMER.
LIKE, IT FEELS GOOD
TO BE BACK.
- LET'S ALL GO
IN THE HOT TUB TONIGHT. WHOO!
- REMEMBER THE FIRST NIGHT?
RON'S MOTORBOATIN' NICOLE,
SLAPPING HER ASS.
- SHE JUMPED ON ME
BREASTS-FIRST.
- EWW.
- YO, WE WERE TRIPLE-KISSING
SOME CONNECTICUT CHICKS.
- YEAH, BRO.
- [laughs]
- YO, WE HAD
SOME UGLY-ASS CHICKS IN HERE.
- YO, AND THEN SAMMI
AND ANGELINA WERE LIKE,
"OH, THOSE GIRLS
ARE GROSS."
- IF THEY WANNA GET IT IN,
LET 'EM GET IT IN.
[laughter]
- I DON'T KNOW, GUYS.
BEFORE WE GO OUT OR WHATEVER
FOR THE NIGHT,
I JUST WANNA SAY SOMETHING
TO EVERYBODY.
I DON'T KNOW IN THE LAST--
- [giggling]
- SHUT THE FUCK UP, BRO,
YOU ASSHOLE.
I'M FUCKING TALKING, BRO.
- I DIDN'T KNOW
IF YOU WERE JOKIN'.
- I'M SERIOUS.
NO, I'M SERIOUS.
I JUST WANNA SAY
ONE MOTHERFUCKING THING.
IN DIFFERENT WAYS,
I FEEL
LIKE I LET
ALMOST EVERYBODY DOWN.
PAULY, YOU KNOW,
I LET OUR FRIENDSHIP DOWN.
VINNY, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE I WAS A LITTLE
TOO WILD AND CRAZY
AND STRESSED YOU OUT AND STUFF.
AND I TOTALLY LET
OUR FRIENDSHIP DOWN, SNOOKI.
I'M, LIKE, VERY UPSET
ABOUT THAT.
AND, RONNIE, LIKE, YOU KNOW,
I WAS A LITTLE COMBATIVE
AND MEDDLESOME
IN YOUR RELATIONSHIP.
AND I REALLY DO APOLOGIZE.
YOU GUYS REALLY DO MEAN
A LOT TO ME.
- THAT'S WHAT
I WAS WAITIN' FOR.
- ALL RIGHT?
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
- THAT'S WHAT I WAS
WAITING FOR.
- IT'S NICE FOR HIM TO JUST SAY,
"I FUCKED UP.
I'M SORRY."
BUT I REALLY DON'T THINK WE CAN
EVER HAVE THAT BOND EVER AGAIN.
BECAUSE I COULD FORGIVE MIKE,
BUT I COULD NEVER
FORGET IT.
- YOU MANNED UP,
INSTEAD OF EVERYTHING
JUST FIGURING ITSELF OUT.
YOU ACTUALLY TOOK
THE INITIATIVE.
- I JUST WANTED TO SAY
REAL QUICK I APOLOGIZE.
AND IF YOU WANNA WAIT AND SEE,
THAT'S COOL.
- I'LL TAKE THE WAIT AND SEE.
- THAT'S FINE.
YOU CAN DO THAT. THAT'S COOL.
- PROVE ME--
PROVE MY DOUBTS WRONG.
- AT LEAST LET ME SAY IT,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
AT LEAST LET ME SAY
THAT I APOLOGIZE.
I'M SORRY.
- I'M NOT GONNA TRUST MIKE
FOR A VERY LONG TIME.
I MEAN, HE ACTS
LIKE HE'S GREAT,
AND THEN HE GOES OFF
AND, LIKE, LIES AND SCHEMES.
AND, THEREFORE,
IT'S VERY HARD TO TRUST HIM.
BUT I'LL PLAY BALL
UNTIL PROVEN WRONG.
- I FORGOT TO--
I NEVER CONGRATULATED SNOOKI
ON HER PREGNANCY
AND HER ENGAGEMENT.
- THANKS.
- WAIT, ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO CONGRATULATE HER
FOR BEING KNOCKED UP?
- I THOUGHT WE WERE SUPPOSED
TO CONGRATULATE VINNY FOR THAT.
[laughter]
JUST KIDDING.
- YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE.
- WHOA!
- YES!
- SUMMER'S OFFICIALLY
STARTED,
'CAUSE I FELL OFF
THE HAMMOCK.
[laughter]
- I THINK WE SHOULD
GO GET ICE CREAM.
- YAY!
- IT'S TIME TO CHECK OUT
THE BOARDWALK,
GO SEE DANNY RIGHT NOW,
AND SEE WHAT THIS SUMMER
HAS TO OFFER FOR US.
- DANIEL.
- OH!
LOOK WHO'S BACK.
- 'BOUT TIME.
- WHAT UP, MAN?
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR SOME HELP.
- PRESS MANAGER.
- HELLO, SIR.
- WHAT'S UP, GUYS?
- SNOOKI'S PREGNANT.
- IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE.
A CHILD'S HAVING A CHILD.
- DO YOU HAVE
MATERNITY CLOTHES HERE?
- WE HAVE BIG SHIRTS.
- ALL RIGHT.
- WE MISSED DANNY,
YOU KNOW?
HE'S KINDA PART
OF OUR FAMILY TOO,
EVEN THOUGH HE DOESN'T LIVE
IN OUR HOUSE.
- ALL RIGHT, WE JUST CAME
TO SAY WHAT'S UP, MAN.
WE'LL SEE YOU
ON MONDAY, MAN.
- YOU GUYS GOT IT, MAN.
- MY MAN, GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- GOOD TO SEE
YOU GUYS TOO.
I'M STOKED YOU GUYS BACK.
GOOD TO SEE YOU TOO.
WE'LL TAKE IT EASY--
WE'LL TAKE IT EASY ON YOU.
- IT'S ALL RIGHT.
[indistinct chatter]
- [exhales]
SO TOMORROW'S THE FIRST NIGHT
WE'RE GONNA GO OUT?
- YOU GONNA BE ALL RIGHT
WITH THE TEMPTATION?
- NO, I ACTUALLY WAS, UM,
TONIGHT WHEN I STARTED
TO HEAR MUSIC.
AND I WASN'T EVEN, LIKE--
I WAS ON AN ICE TEA, DOG,
AND I STARTED DANCING.
IT'S DEFINITELY GONNA BE
AN EXTREME TEST
FOR ME TO, YOU KNOW,
STAY CLEAN AND SOBER
THIS ENTIRE SUMMER.
I'VE NEVER DONE IT BEFORE.
[voicemail beeps]
- HEY, BABE.
I JUST WANTED TO CALL YOU
'CAUSE I'M GOING TO SLEEP.
[coughs] AND I WANTED
TO SAY GOOD NIGHT.
SO GOOD NIGHT,
LOVE YOU, BYE.
SO RIGHT NOW, LIKE,
I'M A LITTLE SAD
'CAUSE I MISS MY BOYFRIEND.
I'VE BEEN WITH HIM
FOR NINE MONTHS.
PROBABLY THE LONGEST
WE'VE BEEN SEPARATED
WAS, LIKE, TWO DAYS.
SO, THIS IS DEFINITELY
GONNA BE DIFFERENT FOR US.
AND I THINK, IF WE MAKE IT
THROUGH IT,
IT'S JUST GONNA MAKE US
TEN TIMES STRONGER.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
- EXCITED
FOR A LITTLE GTL TODAY?
IT'S TIME TO GET
THIS PARTY STARTED.
SOBER SITUATION 2012,
LET'S DO IT. LET'S GO.
- YO, DID THIS WHOLE HOUSE
WAKE UP BEFORE 9:30?
THAT'S, LIKE, UNHEARD OF.
- WHERE'S SAM?
AND GET NICOLE UP.
WE'RE LEAVING IN TEN.
- THIS IS A FUCKING NIGHTMARE.
EVERYONE IS UP.
I'M LIKE "WHAT THE FUCK
IS GOING ON?
THIS IS SO WEIRD."
I WANT EVERYONE
TO BE HUNG OVER,
SO I CAN AT LEAST SLEEP IN
A LITTLE BIT.
SHIT.
- GOOD MORNING, SNOOKS.
- NICE TO SEE YOU UP.
- MAYBE PREGNANT WOMEN
ARE NOT HAPPY IN THE MORNING.
I DID SAY GOOD MORNING.
- [chuckles]
- MAYBE SHE DIDN'T HEAR ME.
- OH, I LOVE THIS DAY.
IT'S SO NICE OUT.
- BEAUTIFUL.
- ALL EIGHT OF US ARE UP
AND POWERHOUSING TO THE GYM,
IT'S FUCKING MIRACLE
IN THIS HOUSE.
THAT SHIT DOESN'T HAPPEN.
- [grunts]
[grunts]
GUY, I THINK I'M GOING
INTO LABOR.
THIS IS WHAT I'VE BEEN DREADING,
THIS FEELING
OF WANTING TO WORK OUT
BUT I CAN'T,
'CAUSE I'M RESTRICTED.
SO IT JUST SUCKS,
BECAUSE THE GIRLS
ARE GOING HARDCORE.
AND, DUDE, LIKE,
I WANNA LOSE WEIGHT.
I WANNA BE IN SHAPE,
BUT I'M PREGNANT.
- I ALWAYS GET A VEIN
IN MY FOREHEAD.
- YEAH.
SO IT'S, LIKE, COOL.
LIKE, I'M THE OLD LADY
THAT CAN'T DO ANYTHING.
- HOW YOU FEELING?
YOU ALL RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- YOU LOOK GOOD.
SHE GOT, LIKE, THAT GLOW.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
- YEAH.
- [chuckles]
IT'S PROBABLY
THAT PREGNANT STUFF, YO.
- LIKE, I UNDERSTAND YOU'RE
TRYING TO BE FRIENDS WITH ME,
BUT YOU'RE GOING A LITTLE
TOO FAR AND IT'S AWKWARD.
"YOU'RE SO GLOWING."
- YOU'RE SO GLOWING
RIGHT NOW.
- SIMPLY SUN.
- IS PAULA WORKING?
- I BELIEVE SO.
- HEY, PAULA.
- WHAT UP, PAULA?
MIKE ACTUALLY MIGHT BE GETTING
WIFED UP RIGHT NOW,
KISSING PAULA IN PUBLIC.
- OOH.
- DON'T START. DON'T START.
- WHAT THE HELL?
- I'M LIKE, "HMM,
SOMETHING'S GOING ON HERE."
- I WISH I COULD TAN.
I'M, LIKE, DEPRESSED
RIGHT NOW.
- NICOLE NOT BEING ABLE TO TAN
IN A TANNING SALON...
- I'M BORED.
- IS LIKE A FUCKING FISH
JUST, LIKE, LOOKING
AT THE OCEAN ON THE SAND.
- YOU'RE SWEATING.
- I KNOW, FROM BASKETBALL.
OH, SORRY.
- YO, YOU GOT
SOME MORE SUN BLOCK?
- FUCK.
- WRONG BUMP.
I NO LONGER HAVE
ANY COMPETITION IN THE HOUSE
FOR THE TANNEST GUIDO.
'CAUSE SNOOKI CAN'T TAN,
SO I TAKE THE BELT.
ROLL OUT.
- THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- BYE, WHITNEY.
- THANK YOU.
- I'M SO HUNGRY RIGHT NOW.
DO YOU GUYS WANNA GO
TO THE CLUB TONIGHT?
- I FEEL LIKE I HAVE
TO DO SOMETHING.
- UNLESS IT'S RAINING.
ARE YOU IN DEEP THOUGHT?
- YEAH.
- WHAT YA THINKING ABOUT?
- [crying]
- WAIT, WHAT HAPPENED?
- NOTHING.
[sniffling]
- WHAT'S WRONG?
- WHY?
- WE'RE ALL HAVING
A GREAT DAY, LIKE,
WITH THE GIRLS,
AND, OUT OF NOWHERE,
DEENA BREAKS DOWN.
- [crying]
- VINNY WALKS BY AND DOESN'T SAY
A WORD TO JIONNI.
LIKE, IT'S SO AWKWARD.
- SHOULD HAVE SAID,
"WHAT'S UP, MY 'G'?"
- WHAT'S UP?
BANGED YOUR GIRL.
- WE SHOULD GO HAVE A DRINK.
- THIS IS DEFINITELY
A BIG TEST.
- WAIT, WHAT HAPPENED?
- WHAT'S WRONG?
- WHY?
- WE'RE ALL HAVING
A GREAT DAY, LIKE,
WITH THE GIRLS,
AND, OUT OF NOWHERE,
DEENA BREAKS DOWN.
- [crying]
- IS IT CHRIS?
MISS HIM?
- YEAH, AND I JUST FEEL
LIKE IT'S ONLY THE SECOND DAY.
- OKAY, BUT YOU
REALLY LIKE HIM.
IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE.
- DUDE, I FEEL
THE SAME WAY.
- [exhales] GOD.
- IT'S HARD.
IN THE PAST, ME AND JENNI
HAVE COME TO THE SHORE
AND WE'RE LIKE,
"OH, I MISS MY BOYFRIEND."
AND DEENA ALWAYS
MAKES FUN OF US.
AND SHE'S LIKE,
"UGH, THESE GIRLS
"AND THEIR BOYFRIENDS.
I JUST WANNA GO OUT
AND HAVE FUN."
AND NOW DEENA UNDERSTANDS,
LIKE,
WHAT ME AND JENNI
HAVE BEEN FEELING
WHEN WE'RE AWAY
FROM OUR BOYFRIENDS.
- IT TAKES A LITTLE BIT.
- AT LEAST YOU CAN CALL HIM
ANYTIME YOU WANT.
IT'S NOT LIKE, YOU KNOW--
- YOU'RE NOT IN ITALY.
- NO, YEAH.
- YOU COULD DRIVE AWAY.
- IMAGINE THAT.
- I KNOW.
- THIS IS NORMAL.
YOU'LL GET THROUGH IT, THOUGH.
- YOU HAVE THE THREE OF US.
- YOU CAN ALWAYS CRY TO US.
WE DON'T CARE.
WE'VE ALL BEEN THERE.
- I JUST FEEL LIKE,
I FEEL LIKE THIS NOW.
LIKE, IT'S ONLY BEEN
THE SECOND DAY.
- YOU'LL GET USED TO IT
BEFORE YOU KNOW IT.
IF YOU KEEP BUSY DOING THINGS--
- YEAH, JUST KEEP BUSY.
- IF YOU'RE SITTING THERE
THINKING ABOUT STUFF,
THAT'S WHEN IT'S GONNA BE BAD.
- I GET ANXIETY, YOU KNOW.
- I KNOW. WE KNOW.
- IT'LL BE FINE.
- I KNOW.
I JUST MISS HIM,
THAT'S ALL.
- I BET.
- [chuckles]
I THOUGHT MAYBE YOU JUST
GOT YOUR PERIOD
OR SOMETHING,
AND YOU COULDN'T GET UP.
[laughter]
I WAS ABOUT TO BE LIKE,
"ARE YOU OKAY?"
LIKE, "WHAT'S GOING ON?"
OH, MY GOD.
THIS IS GONNA BE A LONG SUMMER.
- LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
- WHOA.
[soft rock music]
♪ ♪
- SO KARMA TONIGHT?
- YEAH.
- FIRST NIGHT AT KARMA.
- WHAT TIME ARE WE TRYING
TO GO OUT TONIGHT?
10:00, 11:00, OR WHAT?
all: 11:00.
- WHAT TIME IS IT?
7:00--
5, 10, 15, 20, 25,
30, 35, 40.
7:40?
- YEAH.
- I TELL TIME.
I DON'T WANNA BE SITTING HOME
IN BED LIKE,
"COOL, EVERYONE'S
AT KARMA."
SO ME AND JIONNI
ARE GOING ON A DATE
TO LUNA ROSA FOR DINNER.
IT'S GONNA HELP ME
NOT THINK ABOUT IT AND BE UPSET.
[dial tone]
[dialing]
[phone ringing]
- HELLO?
- WHERE ARE YOU?
- I'LL BE THERE IN PROBABLY
10, 15 MINUTES.
ALL RIGHT?
- YEAH.
AND STOP AND GET FLOWERS.
- WHAT IF I DID THAT ALREADY?
- THEN YOU'RE
A GOOD FIANCE.
- ALL RIGHT, UM, I'LL SEE YOU
IN A LITTLE BIT.
- ALL RIGHT, BYE.
- BYE.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE VIN AND MIKE
ARE IN THE JACUZZI.
- I CAN'T GO IN THE JACUZZI
UNLESS THERE'S NAKED CHICKS.
[laughter]
- LOOKS A LITTLE WEIRD,
I'M NOT GONNA LIE.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD BRING HOME
A GIRL
AND GO IN THERE TONIGHT.
- [laughs]
- NOT YOU, YOU.
I WAS LIKE, "OH, YEAH?"
- NO, NOT YOU.
- YOU THOUGHT SO TOO, RIGHT?
THAT WAS AWESOME.
- YOU'RE TRYING TO BE A--
- WHOA!
- YES! YES!
[laughter]
- SHE GOES DOWN!
- YES!
[laughter]
- YO, IT'S A GIVEN.
ANYBODY THAT SITS
IN THAT THING IS GONNA FALL.
- [laughs]
- I THOUGHT I HAD IT.
SUMMER HAS
OFFICIALLY STARTED,
'CAUSE I FELL OFF
THE HAMMOCK.
WHAT ELSE IS NEW
OVER HERE?
[chuckles]
NOT MUCH.
- SO YOU GUYS ARE GOING
TO KARMA WITHOUT ME.
- I KNOW.
- WACK.
- IT'S SO WEIRD.
I'M JEALOUS.
- [chuckles]
- FIRST TIME TOO,
IN THE SUMMER.
WE ALL GO HARD
THE FIRST TIME.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
- COOL!
KEEP TELLING ME.
JUST MAKE SURE YOU
TAKE SHOTS FOR ME
AND PRETEND I'M THERE.
- WE WILL.
[knock at door]
- AHH!
[door opens]
- HI.
- HELLO.
THANK YOU.
MMM.
- MISSED YOU.
- I'M REALLY EXCITED
TO SEE JIONNI FOR DATE NIGHT.
I'M HOPING MAYBE I'LL HAVE
A LITTLE SEX DRIVE TONIGHT,
BUT I DON'T KNOW.
BECAUSE I'M FEELING
VERY GASSY.
- I LIKE IT.
- OH, MY GOD.
- IS IT COMFY?
- WHO DOES THAT?
- CAN I FEEL IT?
- IS THAT A HOTEL ROBE?
- I THINK MY MOM
ROBBED IT FROM A HOTEL.
- WHEN VINNY WALKS BY
AND DOESN'T SAY A WORD
TO JIONNI, LIKE,
IT'S SO AWKWARD.
SO I GIVE JIONNI
A LOT OF PROPS
FOR, LIKE, SELF-CONTROL,
BECAUSE I KNOW HE WANTS
TO KILL VINNY.
BYE, GUYS.
- ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
both: BYE, HAVE FUN.
- MAYBE SEE YOU.
- MAYBE I'LL CROSS YOU
IN KARMA.
- THAT KID JIONNI
HATES ME, BRO.
- WHAT HAPPENED,
DID HE DAP OUT WITH YOU?
- NAH, I WALKED BY,
AND HE DIDN'T EVEN LOOK AT ME.
- REALLY?
WOW.
THAT'S CRAZY.
YOU SHOULD HAVE SAID,
"WHAT'S UP, MY 'G'?"
- NAH, I'M NOT GONNA
SAY WHAT'S UP.
"FUCKING WHAT'S UP?
BANGED YOUR GIRL."
- OH, YEAH.
- LIKE, IT'S WEIRD.
- I GUESS
THAT WOULD BE AWKWARD.
- ONLY MIKE DOES SHIT
LIKE THAT.
[laughter]
- JOEY, WHAT'S UP?
- WHO'S THAT?
- FRIEND JOE.
HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
HOW ARE YA?
[overlapping greetings]
- WHY DO YOU KNOW
EVERYONE?
JIONNI KNOWS EVERYONE
DOWN THE SHORE.
SO WHEN WE DO GO OUT,
YOU KNOW,
IT'S LIKE TALKING
TO EVERYBODY.
LIKE, "HEY, HOW YOU BEEN?"
BUT, DUDE, I'M PREGNANT.
I JUST WANNA EAT,
COME ON.
- NICOLE, THIS IS EMILY.
- HI, NICOLE.
[overlapping greetings]
- JESUS.
DO YOU KNOW THESE PEOPLE?
- SHUT UP.
[Army of Freshmen's
Down at the Shore ]
- ♪ SUMMER, COME PLEASE ♪
♪ TELL ME WHAT
YOU'VE WAITED FOR ♪
♪ IT'S BEEN SO COLD
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE ♪
♪ IT'S BEEN YEARS
BUT I'VE BEEN HERE BEFORE ♪
♪ WAITING FOR YOU HERE ♪
♪ DOWN AT THE SHORE ♪
- MIKE, YOU GOTTA CHANGE
THOSE FUCKING UNDERWEAR, DUDE.
- UH-OH.
- OH, "D."
- BLUE BALLS TONIGHT.
- WHOA.
- HOLY SHIT.
LOOKS LIKE A BLUE MARKER.
- DAMN.
IF ALL ELSE FAILS,
I'LL DIG IN THAT ASS.
[laughter]
- DON'T BE FRESH.
DON'T DISRESPECT.
- YOU LOOK HOT.
- HE WAS FRESH.
- HE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING BAD.
HE JUST SAID HE WANTED
TO DIG INTO THAT ASS.
[laughter]
- DON'T DISRESPECT
FOR CHRIS.
- NO, MY BAD.
- HE'S JUST KIDDING.
- MY BAD, CHRIS,
WHO I'VE NEVER MET.
TONIGHT IS A BIG TEST.
THIS IS PROBABLY
THE FIRST CLUB
THAT I'M GOING TO,
I GUESS, SOBER.
[chuckles]
SO WE'RE GONNA CHECK IT OUT.
AND, UM, I'MA HAVE SOME FUN.
- YEAH, MAN! YEAH, MAN!
YEAH, MAN!
- PLEASE STOP, DUDE.
- [laughs]
WE'RE LEAVING!
- ARE YOU EXCITED?
- YES.
- DAMN, WHERE'S SNOOKS?
FEELS WEIRD.
- I KNOW.
IT FEELS WEIRD.
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M GONNA DO
WITHOUT MY PARTNER IN CRIME.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
- OH, GOD.
- [laughs]
WHAT CAN WE DO RIGHT NOW?
I WANT TO DO
SOMETHING FUN.
[indistinct restaurant chatter]
- YOU WANNA GO DANCE
SO BAD.
- I'M TRYING TO ENJOY
THIS DATE WITH JIONNI.
BUT IN THE BACK OF MY HEAD,
I'M THINKING,
"I WISH I WAS THERE
THE FIRST NIGHT OF KARMA."
YOU KNOW, THAT'S, LIKE,
A BIG NIGHT THAT I'M MISSING.
- DO YOU WANNA STAY HERE
TILL YOUR FRIENDS COME?
- OH, MY FRIENDS?
- [chuckles]
WANNA GO TO KARMA?
HUH?
- YOU KNOW, I COULD PROBABLY
STILL GO TO KARMA
AND DANCE AND JUST RAGE.
BUT I JUST KNOW
THAT I'M GONNA BE WANTING
TO TAKE SHOTS AND DRINK.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO.
- SO WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
- THERE'S MORE  JERSEY SHORE
ON THE WAY,
AND IT STARTS RIGHT NOW.
[techno music]
[indistinct chatter]
- CHEERS, BITCHES!
- CHEERS!
- [laughs]
- GET TO KARMA,
THE MUSIC'S PLAYING,
THE DRINKS ARE FLOWING,
AND I'M LIKE,
"WHOO!
THIS IS GONNA BE FUN."
- I JUST WANNA PARTY.
- YOU KNOW YOU'VE
BEEN DOING THIS A LONG TIME
WHEN EVERY GIRL I'M LIKE,
"OH, I SMASHED HER.
I SMASHED HER."
- SO WHAT DO YOU WANNA DO?
WANNA SAY HI TO ROB
REAL QUICK BEFORE YOU LEAVE?
- AT KARMA?
- YOU COULD.
- DON'T LIE. DON'T YOU THINK
IT'S TRASHY FOR--
TO SEE A PREGNANT LADY
AT A CLUB?
IT'S LIKE, "GO THE FUCK HOME
AND GO TO SLEEP.
TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF."
JIONNI'S REALLY TRYING
TO GET ME TO GO INTO KARMA
BECAUSE HE WANTS
TO SAY HI TO HIS FRIENDS.
BUT I JUST DON'T WANNA GO IN.
I DON'T WANNA BE
THAT PREGNANT GIRL IN THE CLUB.
I REALLY DON'T.
- DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO.
IF YOU DON'T WANNA GO,
YOU DON'T GO.
- ARE YOU GETTING IRRITATED?
- I WANNA DO WHAT YOU WANNA DO.
I DON'T CARE.
- I JUST WANNA BE WITH YOU.
[cheering]
- ARE YOU OKAY HERE?
- YEAH, I AM.
- GOOD.
I'M HAPPY.
- KEEP IT THAT WAY.
- THANK YOU.
- YEP.
JUST KEEP IT THAT WAY.
- THIS IS THE FIRST TRUE TEST
FOR ME.
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
I EVER TRIED TO GO TO A CLUB
CLEAN OF PRESCRIPTION
PAINKILLERS AND ALCOHOL.
- WE SHOULD GO HAVE A DRINK.
DO YOU WANNA HAVE A DRINK?
- I'M--I'M--
I'M NOT DRINKING TONIGHT.
- THAT'S COOL, THOUGH,
LIKE--
LIKE I-I LEGIT RESPECT THAT.
LIKE, THAT'S COOL
AS SHIT.
- HONESTLY, IT'S WEIRD
WITHOUT NICOLE.
- YEAH, IT REALLY IS.
- DO YOU WISH
YOU WERE GOING TO KARMA?
SEE, I ENJOY DOING THIS.
- THIS IS MY NIGHT OUT.
OH, SHIT.
I'M NOT GONNA BE HERE
NEXT WEEKEND.
- WHY?
- I'M GOING TO FLORIDA--
FOR THE FIGHT.
- SO I'M NOT GONNA SEE YOU
FOR A WEEK?
- JUST NEXT WEEKEND.
- DAMN IT.
LIKE, WHAT THE FUCK
AM I GONNA DO
WHEN JIONNI'S GONE?
EVERYONE WANTS TO DRINK
AND PARTY AND GO CRAZY.
NO ONE'S GONNA STAY HOME
AND HANG OUT WITH ME.
- ♪ YES, IT'LL BE
A WILD NIGHT ♪
♪ BETTER OPEN YOUR EYES ♪
♪ YES, IT'LL BE
A WILD NIGHT ♪
♪ ♪
- I THINK
I'M GONNA BE CELIBATE.
I MADE A DECISION TO TRY
TO REMAIN CELIBATE THIS SUMMER.
- THAT'S STUPID.
- I REALLY DON'T THINK
THAT A PREGNANT PERSON
SHOULD BE IN THIS HOUSE.
I AM CONSIDERING
GETTING MY OWN PLACE.
- INTEGRITY MEANS, LIKE, SHAME.
LIKE, I GOT A LOT
OF SHAME.
LIKE, I HAVE A LOT
OF INTEGRITY.
- [snorts]
- RIGHT?
- I SPOKE TO MY GIRL,
AND SHE SAID
THAT YOUR GIRL
HAS HER PERIOD.
YOU DOWN?
- SO WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO NOW?